Update zha.markdown to mention and explain binding and unbinding (#16336)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

- Router two: + 21 devices
- Total device limit = **55 devices**

### Binding and unbinding

> ZHA support for binding and unbinding. Binding is an action in Zigbee which defines relations between two Zigbee devices, specific endpoints and cluster id. It provides a mechanism for attaching an endpoint on one Zigbee node to one or more endpoints on another Zigbee node and can even be destined for Zigbee groups of nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZHA support for binding and unbinding. Binding is an action in Zigbee which defines relations between two Zigbee devices, specific endpoints and cluster id. It provides a mechanism for attaching an endpoint on one Zigbee node to one or more endpoints on another Zigbee node or Zigbee group (a group of Zigbee devices). 
```

> Binding of Zigbee clusters is nothing but establishing direct virtual connections between endpoints on different Zigbee nodes so that, during data transmission between the connected endpoints, the destination is identified by a specific cluster, rather than by the destination address. This is useful to for example bind a Zigbee end device like a remote or motion-sensor to a Zigbee lightbulb or group of lightbulbs. After this binding is done the remote or motion-sensor is attached directly to that device via a peer-to-peer connection and can direcly control that bound lightbulb / group of lightbulbs without going through the Zigbee coordinator. This means that the remote or motion-sensor can control the lightbulb  / group of lightbulbs even when the Zigbee coordinator is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binding is a "target destination" in form of a device address or group ID, endpoint and cluster. For example binding a Zigbee device like a remote to a Zigbee lightbulb, switch or group of lightbulbs allows direct control of the "target" device (light, switch, shade) from the "remote" Zigbee device, bypassing ZHA.  This means that the remote can control the lightbulb  / group of lightbulbs even when the Zigbee coordinator is not available.
Binding is only supported between the same cluster, for example "output cluster id 6" (on/off cluster) of a remote, can be only bound to an "input cluster id 6" on the target device -- light, switch.  
```
 
Why such long lines???

Note that not all devices support binding as it depends on the Zigbee implementation of the device itself. Also, by default ZHA bind remotes to the coordinator, so coordinator could receive ZCL commands from the remotes and originate zha_events. However, some remotes, like example the Philips RWL021 can only be bound to a single destination and it is not possible to make this switch to bind to another destinations like a device or groups unless you first unbind the remote from the coordinator. After you unbind the remote from ZHA coordinator you can then bind it directly to any other Zigbee device or a group.

> Binding a remote directly to a bulb or group has the benifit of faster response time and smoother control. This benefit use greatly improve user feedback experience functions like dimming as the remote then directly dims the lightbulb and thus does not have to make the software roundtrip via the ZHA coordinator.

Reviewer 2: There you go.
```suggestion
Binding a remote directly to a bulb or group has the benefit of faster response time and smoother control. This greatly improves user feedback experience functions like dimming as the remote then directly dims the lightbulb and thus does not have to make the software roundtrip via the ZHA coordinator.
```

Binding is only supported between the same cluster, for example "output cluster id 6" (on/off cluster) of a remote, can be only bound to an "input cluster id 6" on the target device -- light, switch.  

Note that not all devices support binding as it depends on the Zigbee implementation of the device itself. Also, by default ZHA bind remotes to the coordinator, so coordinator could receive ZCL commands from the remotes and originate zha_events. However, some remotes, like example the Philips RWL021 can only be bound to a single destination and it is not possible to make this switch to bind to another destinations like a device or groups unless you first unbind the remote from the coordinator. After you unbind the remote from ZHA coordinator you can then bind it directly to any other Zigbee device or a group.

> Binding a remote directly to a bulb or group has the benefit of faster response time and smoother control. This greatly improves user feedback experience functions like dimming as the remote then directly dims the lightbulb and thus does not have to make the software roundtrip via the ZHA coordinator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Binding and unbinding

ZHA support for binding and unbinding. Binding is an action in Zigbee which defines relations between two Zigbee devices, specific endpoints, and cluster id. It provides a mechanism for attaching an endpoint on one Zigbee node to one or more endpoints on another Zigbee node or Zigbee group (a group of Zigbee devices). 

Binding is a "target destination" in form of a device address or group ID, endpoint, and cluster. For example, binding a Zigbee device like a remote to a Zigbee lightbulb, switch or group of lightbulbs allows direct control of the "target" device (light, switch, shade) from the "remote" Zigbee device, bypassing ZHA.  This means that the remote can control the lightbulb/group of lightbulbs even when the Zigbee coordinator is not available.
Binding is only supported between the same cluster, for example, "output cluster id 6" (on/off cluster) of a remote, can be only bound to an "input cluster id 6" on the target device -- light, switch.  

Note that not all devices support binding as it depends on the Zigbee implementation of the device itself. Also, by default ZHA bind remotes to the coordinator, so the coordinator could receive ZCL commands from the remotes and originate zha_events. However, some remotes, for example, the Philips RWL021 can only be bound to a single destination and it is not possible to make this switch to bind to other destinations like a device or groups unless you first unbind the remote from the coordinator. After you unbind the remote from the ZHA coordinator you can then bind it directly to any other Zigbee device or a group.

Binding a remote directly to a bulb or group has the benefit of faster response time and smoother control. This greatly improves user feedback experience functions like dimming as the remote then directly dims the lightbulb and thus does not have to make the software roundtrip via the ZHA coordinator.
```

Binding of Zigbee clusters is nothing but establishing direct virtual connections between endpoints on different Zigbee nodes so that, during data transmission between the connected endpoints, the destination is identified by a specific cluster, rather than by the destination address. This is useful to for example bind a Zigbee end device like a remote or motion-sensor to a Zigbee lightbulb or group of lightbulbs. After this binding is done the remote or motion-sensor is attached directly to that device via a pair-to-pair connection and can direcly control that bound lightbulb / group of lightbulbs without going through the Zigbee coordinator. This means that the remote or motion-sensor can control the lightbulb  / group of lightbulbs even when the Zigbee coordinator is not available.

> Note that all devices support binding as it depends on the Zigbee implementation of the device itself. Also, by default ZHA bind remotes to the coordinator, so coordinator could receive ZCL commands from the remotes and originate zha_event's. However some remotes, like example Philips RWL021 can only be bound to a single destination and it is not possible to make this switch to bind to another destinations like a device or groups unless you first unbind the remote from the coordinator. After you unbind the remote from ZHA coordinator you can then bind it directly to any other Zigbee device or a group directly.

Reviewer 3: I think this may be missing the word "not" and is in fact saying the opposite of the intended meaning.

Author: Indeed. Fixed now.
